# v2022.26.0

Previous version: [v2022.25.20](v2022.25.20.md)

## Enhancements

**Device registration status**    

We have added Never connected status for devices that have never connected to the server. Also, the **Clear DTLS context** and **Refresh data model** actions are now disabled for devices with such status.

**Save user selections in the Dashboard view**  

We have improved the **Dashboard** view so that the selected time range and sections expansion status in the **Dashboard** view does not reset upon each page reload. These settings are now locally stored in the user’s browser.

**Add permissions to the Device Center**   

We have introduced a new set of user permissions for the **Device Center**. Users without appropriate permissions will only have *read-only* access to **Device Center**. *Edit* permissions can be defined for the following actions:

* using device actions,
* viewing the PSK key value,
* adding and deleting devices,
* configuring integrations.

## Bug Fixes

**Fixed `invalid 401 error` after long-lasting operations**  

We have fixed the `invalid 401 error`, which occurred after longer operations in GUI, e.g. batch device migration actions lasting longer than five minutes.

**Fixed devices being moved to root domain after bootstrap**    

We have fixed devices being moved to the root domain instead of the designated one after successfully connecting via bootstrap. This occurred if both *API translation mode* and *opaque device ID* were enabled.


**Fixed unwarranted device full register (v2022.26.1)**   

We have fixed the issue with EU Cloud devices sending *Register* messages instead of the expected *Register Updates*. The root cause of the issue was incorrect internal load balancing. Introducing DTLS Connection ID support in future releases will further resolve this issue.

## Documentation

**Swagger documentation for V3 API endpoints**   

We have created documentation for the V3 API endpoints in Swagger. Descriptions as well as examples have been provided for V3 API methods.

**User management documentation update**     
 
We have added sections in the User Guide explaining how to grant or revoke administrative access to the system for particular users.
