# v2024.1.0

Previous version: [v2023.34.0](v2023.34.0.md)

## Features

**Interface of a DIC template**    

 Implemented new user interface for managing device event templates.

## Enhancements

**New device groups and assigned devices**    

Added a possibility to create a new group in the Device Inventory when assigning devices.

**Block size configuration**      

Added a possibility to configure the block size in CoAP Block transfer communication for a device or group.

**Disabling a handlers**      

Added a checkbox `Keep active after repeated fails` that enables restoring the connection automatically when endpoint is available again. Available for users with administrative permissions.

**Hide passwords and tokens**     

Passwords and tokens for basic authorization are now hidden behind asterisks in the authorization method view in the Device Integration Center Web Hook Configuration.

**Influx templates**      

Updated the default Influx telemetry template in the Device Integration Center.

## Bug Fixes

**Provisioning session error**    

Fixed the provisioning session error to enable task execution.

**Read resource during the FOTA update**    

Fixed a bug causing an incorrect error message displayed when a task was executed during the FOTA update.

**Types of deviceEvent**      

Fixed the issue with a different type of deviceEvent field in Telemetry and Device events in DIC Influx handlers.

**Influx handler**      

Fixed an issue with editing the DIC influx handler.
