# v2023.5.0

Previous version: [v2023.4.0](v2023.4.0.md)

## Enhancements

### Display API version in the user interface
We have added the API version display in the user interface. It is visible in the dropdown menu: **Show documentation links** icon -> **Specification**.

### Improve domain properties tab
We have introduced changes and fixes to the domain properties tab. It is now scrollable, the expansion panels are properly aligned and the cancel action has a new icon.

### Fix tooltips not being displayed
We have fixed tooltips not being displayed for disabled field forms, e.g. in the Set observation panel.

### Change default CSV import configuration
We have introduced a minor change to default expressions used for importing devices from a CSV file, so that the import relies on the endpoint name rather than device identifier.

### Fix wrong CSV import error messages
We have corrected an error message, which could occur during CSV import for devices without a specified connector type. The Identity has to be provided error was returned instead of ConnectorType field is mandatory.

### Add support for LwM2M CBOR and SenML JSON
We have added LwM2M CBOR and SenML JSON formats support for receiving LwM2M Send operations.

## Bug Fixes

### Fix unwarranted HTML rendering in chart tooltips
We have introduced a fix, so that device names and resource values that are valid HTML tags are not rendered as HTML in the tooltips on **Dashboards**. 

### Fix groups appearing outside the standard structure
We have fixed redundant groups appearing outside of the standard structure in the **Device groups** view. This was due to incomplete removal of domains from the database.

### Fix multi-instance monitoring fail
We have fixed an error which occurred while setting up monitoring for a multi-instance resource.

### Fix *lwm2mBestEffortGet* tag error
We have fixed the use of the *lwm2mBestEffortGet* tag in an XML task returning an error message despite successfully retrieving data from the device.

### Fix hanging on the handshake
We have fixed a bug where DTLS identity was removed from the PSK store during bootstrap, which prevented the devices from being able to register.

## Documentation

### Administrator documentation update
We have added various sections on **Alerts** in the Administration documentation, under the **Monitoring, logs and alerts** chapter.

