# v2023.14.0

Previous version: [v2023.12.0](v2023.12.0.md)

## Features

**Configure common PSK secret**      

We have configured a common PSK secret for platform installations and ensured appropriate security measures.

**Implement SIM-based unique PSK store**

We have implemented a PSK store able to read pre-shared keys from a SIM representation. This allows for bootstrap communication to be used by devices after SIM OTA operation.

**Implement separate certification sources**      

We have implemented a possibility to use separate certificates for bootstrap and management server. It is now possible to trust device DTLS certificates only during bootstrap communication and not during management communication.

**Adjust bootstrap task for Common PSK flow - first iteration**      

We have added a custom bootstrap task to account for a separate domain for auto-onboarding devices. Now, automatically added devices correctly complete the bootstrap procedure and have management interface security configured.

## Enhancements

**Add Copy FOTA action**      

We have added a *Copy* action to *Updates* list entries in the device *Firmware update* tab for both Basic and Multicomponent FOTA. The action serves as a shortcut, as it opens the FOTA creator on the first step and sets all fields to the values of the copied entry.

**Add SIM-based security information**      

We have added info about SIM-based security settings in the old **Device Management Center** view. It is now displayed along with the standard security settings configuration info.

## Bugfixes

**Allow empty string input in resources**      

We have adjusted field validation in the new **Device Center** view, so as to make an empty string a valid value for resources.

## REST API

**Removed deprecated api endpoint for serching users**      

REST API endpoint GET /users has been removed as it was deprecated and not working with current users management. The only endpoint for searching usernames is now GET /users/search/usernames
