# v2022.25.20

Previous version: [v2022.24.14](v2022.24.14.md)

## Architectural Changes

**Deprecate the `/devices/all/count` REST API endpoint**     

We have deprecated the `/devices/all/count` REST API endpoint. The endpoint remains visible in the REST API and will be removed from the public documentation three months after deprecation.

## Enhancements

**Date format in the Data model**      

We have changed the date format in the **Data model**  to **YYYY-MM-DD** (dashes instead of slashes).

**Remove vulnerable `dom4j 1.6.1` and `xmlbeans 2.3.0` dependencies**    

We have resolved vulnerabilities that could have been potentially caused by the `dom4j 1.6.1` and `xmlbeans 2.3.0` dependencies used to support PDF-based reports in **Monitoring & Reporting > Reports**.

**Switch off old alert table for Device groups**      

We have removed the alert table with all its underlying code from the **Group Management Center**.

## Bug Fixes

**Fixed incorrect Hide key (hex) text field behavior**   

We have fixed the behavior of the **PSK key** text field and the **eye** icon so that when the hex key is hidden, the displayed **eye** icon is closed (and remains open otherwise).

**Fixed the select action in task templates**      

We have fixed the behavior of the select checkbox in the **Task templates** view so that now every new selection clears the previous one.

**Fixed TaskReports API endpoints always returning empty value in translation mode**  

We have fixed the `GET /taskReports` and `GET /taskReports/moreReports` API endpoints so that both endpoints now return proper values of task reports.

**Fixed enforcing at least one observation parameter when setting and observation**  

We have removed the validation which enforced adding at least one parameter when setting an observation on a device data model. Now, all observation parameters are optional as per the **OMA LwM2M specification**. Also, the limit of **Not more often than once every** and **At least once every** has been lowered to 5 seconds.

**Fixed allowing for uploading non-image files as device images**      

We have added a validation when uploading a file for a device image which checks if the file is actually in an image format.
