# v2022.22.0

Previous version: [v2022.21.6](v2022.21.6.md)

## Features

**Added bulk device removal in *Device inventory* for non-superusers**  

We have added bulk device removal (as a group action) in the **Device inventory** with a limit of 100 devices for non-superusers who have the `ui.deviceInventory.deleteDevice` role.

**New REST API endpoints for setting observations on device groups**      

We have created two new endpoints for setting observations on device groups.

- `/observations/group/resourcePath/{groupId}/{path}` creates or updates group observations for a given path.
- `/observations/group/resourceUrl/{groupId}/{url}` creates or updates group observations for a given LwM2M URL.

Both endpoints have the `createEnsureObserveIfNotExists` attribute which determines if the `ensureObserve` task should be created in case it doesn’t exist.

## Enhancements

**Removed outdated Azure IoT integration extension**   

We have removed the outdated method of connecting the Azure IoT integration which was available as an extension in the **Administration -> Extensions** view.

**Removed *Device settings* XML panels from default configuration** 
    
We have removed the default XML panels in the **Device settings** tab of the old DMC:

- Access Control
- Connectivity
- Device
- Location
- Servers

Also, the **Device settings** tab is no longer a default DMC menu tab.

**Added possibility to configure *Execution logs* storage for tasks and task templates** 

We have added a new option for tasks and task templates that allows selecting which type of execution logs should be stored, with three options:

- **Store all** - default behavior, all logs are generated and stored.
- **Store failed** - logs will be generated only if task execution fails.
- **Store none** - logs are not generated.


## Bug Fixes

**Fixed inability to create an Azure template with custom LwM2M objects in non-root domain**   

LwM2M objects created by means of custom object definitions can be now included in Azure integration templates by users in non-root domains.

**Fixed static documentation not respecting multitenancy**      

We have fixed the behavior of static documentation (i.e. generated via files uploaded in the **Resources panel**) so that it is only visible for users in relevant domains.

**Fixed different results of reading and writing executable resources**    

Writing to an executable resource caused the platform to report communication failure. We have aligned this behavior with the results of reading an executable resource, in which case a response with the correct `4.05 MethodNotAllowed` error code is returned.
