# v2022.16.0

Previous version: v2022.14.15

## Enhancements

**Minor GUI enhancements**      

- We have fixed the behaviour of dialog windows for some platform views.
- We have improved the looks of empty states in some places of the GUI.
- The **‘Additional costs’** calculator in the **Payment service**       panel has been modified so that it now includes base and additional costs.
- Validations have been added in the **Set observation** side navigation dialog of the **Device Center**      .
- We have changed the date format presented in the GUI so that it conforms to the ISO standard.
- Float values presented in the data model are now rounded to at most two significant digits.

**Domain hierarchy support for DTLS/TLS certificates**      

The **DTLS/TLS Certificates** panel now displays only certificates from the current domain that the user is logged into.

## Bug Fixes

**Fixed the Certificate Request message when connecting over TLS/TCP**      
We have fixed the *Certificate Request* message when the Server and Client try to connect over TLS/TCP. Connection errors for clients that use MBed TLS (including **Anjay**) are now solved.

**Fixed the license invalidation**      
We have corrected the License invalidation action so that it is done only after a configurable retry backoff time limit.

**Added validation the Azure IoT Hub integration**      

We have added a validation for the Device ID in the **Hyperscaler Integration Center**. Now the Device ID should be a string up to 128 characters long consisting of alphanumeric characters plus the special characters: '-', '.', '_', ':'. The last character must be alphanumeric or dash.

**Fixed scheduling firmware upgrades when resource value is an empty string**      

We have fixed an error that prevented scheduling firmware upgrades on devices whose **Firmware Update Protocol Support** resource value was an empty string.
