# v2023.31

Previous version: [v2023.30.0](v2023.30.0.md)

## Features

**Implemented API throttling**     

We have implemented an API request rate throttling mechanism. The throttling mechanism prevents the platform from serving excessive traffic from a single user that could exhaust the platform's computing resources. The functionality can be found under **Domain management > Properties > Shared**.

**Introduce "Send SMS wakeup" option**  

We have implemented a new action for single devices in **Device Center**. The option *Send SMS wakeup* sends an SMS to the device to trigger its registration update.

## Enhancements

**Introduce retention period for FotaConfig entities**   

We have introduced a retention mechanism for *FotaConfig* and *DeviceFotaProgress* entities. The time before entity deletion is configurable. By default, it is set to 6 months.

**Implement tags in event handler headers**      

We have introduced replaceable tags for event handler headers. Variables with header values can be now used to configure headers in event handler creators.

**Implement event handler payload templates**      

We have introduced templates for event handler payloads. Variables with reusable values can be now used to configure payloads in event handler creators.

## Bug Fixes

**Required CSV import data**      
We have fixed an issue with CSV import in **Hyperscaler Integrations Center** requiring *deviceId* in the template. Now, it requires *endpointName*.

**Unauthorized user is not logged out**      

We have fixed an issue with an unauthorized user not being logged out from the platform. Unauthorized users are now redirected to the login page.

**Fix error in settingValues API**      

We have fixed an error that occurred when trying to retrieve settingValues via API endpoint */settingValues/deviceProfile/{deviceId}*. Now the results are retrieved correctly.

**Fix the "Refresh data" option**      

We have fixed the "Refresh data" option in **Device Center**. After clicking the refresh button device information refreshes properly.

**Firmware update fix**      

We have fixed an issue with a single firmware update performed from the **Device Center**. The process did not proceed past the "Initializing" step because of a missing acquiring quota status. Single-device firmware update now works properly. 

**Make hiding columns consistent**      

We have unified the behavior of hiding and displaying columns across the platform. After selecting a column from the column list, the list remains displayed. Selecting or clearing multiple columns at once is possible.

**Remove possibility to change namespace**      

We have removed the possibility of changing the namespace in the *Domain Management* edit panel. Instead of the *Inherited* and *Set own* options, the inherited namespace is displayed.
