# v2023.7.0

Previous version: [v2023.6.0](v2023.6.0.md)

## Enhancements

### Add duplicate test action
We have added a new functionality, which allows for duplicating single device tests in the **Device test repository**. Only custom tests can be duplicated.

### Improve search fields consistency
We have made improvements to the *Endpoint name*, *Friendly name* and *Description* search fields in **Device inventory** and **Device groups** views. It is now possible to conduct searches in all of the fields using a partial match query. Due to security reasons, if encryption is enabled, the *Endpoint name* can be found only with an exact match query.

### Plain text - HEX conversion for PSK
We have added the possibility to switch between the two PSK formats in the **Device center**. A preview of the value converted to the other format is now present in the device creator and the configuration edit dialog.

### Update lwm2m-test server certificate for lwm2m endpoints
We have changed the server certificate on lwm2m-test.avsystem.io installation so that it uses only secp256r1 (EC256) keys. This increases compatibility with constrained devices. To verify server certificate on lwm2m-test.avsystem.io installation, the device should have the *https://ca.avsystem.com/certs/AVSystem_ECCA_LV1_SS.crt* certificate in the trust store.

### Update endpoint name error messages
We have added custom error messages occurring when attempting to use an endpoint name, which is already in use.

### Save filtering, paging and sorting options in Device inventory
We have added an improvement to platform navigation. If you reach the **Device inventory** using the *back* button in your browser, the previously set filtering, paging and sorting  options are restored.

### Ensure device alias uniqueness
We have added a requirement for device alias names to be unique in order to prevent data sets not being complete when retrieved via API.

## Bug Fixes

### Fix incorrect traffic routing
We have fixed incorrect traffic routing to UDPC, which occasionally failed, especially if direct routing was enabled.

### Fix data collection domain property
We have fixed an issue with the *Data collection* domain property, where it was possible to retrieve data meant to have been deleted according to the settings.

### Fix table custom settings
We have fixed an error, which occurred for some users and caused the custom settings for menu entries (tabs) in the **Device management center** being reverted to the default ones.

### Fix Forbidden Address Issue
We have fixed an issue with one of the tasks interfering with security checks, which resulted in the *Forbidden Address Issue* error.
