.. _A_19.04-17:

19.04-17
========

New features
------------

 * The Unsigned Integer data type was added.
 * Storing historical notification data that was sent using the SEND mechanism was added.
 * Support for the HTTP HEAD request in the resources download server (used for example, for firmware update via HTTP) was added.
 * Setting and canceling composite observes using XML tasks was implemented.
 * Object versioning is supported by the system.
 * A new layout of Register parameters was implemented.
 * Support for parsing historical data of notifications and saving them with a proper timestamp was added.
 * The new option that allows to override ContentFormat codes either in server requests or device responses was added to the LwM2M dialect.
 * The new attribute lwm2m.contentFormat was added to the **Observe** tag.
 * The Corelnk data type was added.
 * The possibility to upload FOTA, SOTA, and other files using REST API was implemented.
 * The possibility for administrators or users with a proper permission to log into other accounts from the same domain and subtenants accounts was added.
 * Information (available on mouse over a migration rule) about an error that occurred while performing a migration was added to the **Migrations** tab. What is more, marking the field containing an incorrect migration rule (in red) was added.
 * Numbering of lines was added to the device and group tasks previews in the **Task input** section.
 * The possibility to open a device entity (in **Device summary** in **Device inventory > Device management center**) in a new tab by right clicking the link or using the scroll wheel of a computer mouse was added.
 * The way in which the change password functionality was presented on GUI was changed.

Bug fixes
---------

 * Useless scroll bars were removed.
 * The problem with getting values of multi-instance resources was resolved.
 * The problem was resolved. LwM2M Object Instances are correctly removed based on the device Register message.
 * The misleading **Max notification interval** option was removed from the **Objects** tab.

Documentation
-------------

 * The misleading information about Max notification interval was removed.
 * The Changing your password chapter was updated.
 * The new **observeComposite** and **cancelObservationComposite** tags were added.
 * The new **lwm2mForwardNotification** tag was added.
 * The description of the **observe** tag was updated.
 * The description how to log in to another user's account and how to enable this functionality was added.
 * The note about migration rule execution check was added.
 * The possibility to open a device entity in a new tab was described.
 * New options in **compatibility extensions** in dialects were described.